<noinclude>__NOTOC__
This widget allows you to embed '''[//www.google.com/adsense/ AdSense ads]''' on your wiki page.

Source: mediawikiwidgets.org

== Using this widget ==
To insert this widget, use the following code:

=== Code from Google ===
In Google AdSense, click "Get code". Copy that code. It will look similar to this:

<pre><script type="text/javascript"><!--
google_ad_client = "ca-pub-4602712147397250";
/* 160x600, created 1/1/10 */
google_ad_slot = "6127367636";
google_ad_width = 160;
google_ad_height = 600;
//-->
</script>
<script type="text/javascript"
src="//pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/show_ads.js">
</script></pre>

=== Code in the wiki ===
Take the values from above and place them in a widget call, as below.

 <nowiki>{{#widget:</nowiki>{{PAGENAME}}<nowiki>
|name=myadname
|client=ca-pub-4602712147397250
|slot=6127367636
|width = 160
|height = 600
}}</nowiki>

==== Parameters ====
* '''name''' - The ad name in the AdSense system - this is only required for responsive ads
* '''client''' - Your AdSense Publisher ID - '''NOTE: It is highly recommended that you hard-code the client ID onto the widget page (Widget:AdSense). Otherwise, users will be able to insert their own ID and make money off of your site.'''
* '''slot''' - The AdSense Slot ID for this ad
* '''width''' - The desired width for this ad
* '''height''' - The desired height for this ad

== Responsive example ==

The Widget was designed to work with responsive ads as well. Usage is similar.

=== Code from Google ===
In Google AdSense, click "Get code". Copy that code. It will look similar to this:

<pre><style>
.responsive-1 { width: 320px; height: 50px; }
@media(min-width: 500px) { .responsive-1 { width: 468px; height: 60px; } }
@media(min-width: 800px) { .responsive-1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }
</style>
<script async src="//pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js"></script>
<!-- Responsive 1 -->
<ins class="adsbygoogle responsive-1"
     style="display:inline-block"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-4602712147397250"
     data-ad-slot="6127367636"></ins>
<script>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script></pre>

=== Code in the wiki ===

==== CSS ====
Take the values from the above <style> section and add the following CSS to your wiki, either by inserting it into your Mediawiki:Common.css, or by adding it to your skin. More info is available [https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/CSS here].
<pre>
.responsive-1 { width: 320px; height: 50px; }
@media(min-width: 500px) { .responsive-1 { width: 468px; height: 60px; } }
@media(min-width: 768px) { .responsive-1 { width: 728px; height: 90px; } }
</pre>
==== Widget Call ====
Take the values from the above <script> section and place them in a widget call, as below.

 <nowiki>{{#widget:</nowiki>{{PAGENAME}}<nowiki>
|name=responsive-1
|client=ca-pub-4602712147397250
|slot=6127367636
}}</nowiki>

</noinclude><includeonly><script async src="//pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle <!--{$name|escape:html}-->"
     style="display:inline-block;width:<!--{$width|escape:'int'}-->;height:<!--{$height|escape:'int'}-->"
     data-ad-client="<!--{$client|escape:html}-->"
     data-ad-slot="<!--{$slot|escape:html}-->"></ins>
<script>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script></includeonly>
